Provided properties for license report plugin parametrization (#44)
th2-net/th2-gradle-plugin: README.md

- [com.gorylenko.gradle-git-properties](https://github.com/n0mer/gradle-git-properties)
- [org.owasp.dependencycheck](https://github.com/dependency-check/dependency-check-gradle)

#### Configuration properties

> * `th2.licence.allow-licence-url` - you can reconfigure allow license url for the `com.github.jk1.dependency-license-report` plugin.<br>
>   This property can be used for debugging allow license content and isn't recommend for general work.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `th2.licence.allow-licence-url` - provides a URL to download a file with allowed licenses for the `com.github.jk1.dependency-license-report` plugin.<br>
  _*NOTE: This property should be used only for debugging the file's content with allowed licenses.*_<br>
```

>   Default value is `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/th2-net/.github/main/license-compliance/gradle-license-report/allowed-licenses.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, the file is downloaded from <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/th2-net/.github/main/license-compliance/gradle-license-report/allowed-licenses.json> URL.
```

* `th2.licence.license-normalizer-bundle-path` - you can reconfigure license normalizer bundle path for the `com.github.jk1.dependency-license-report` plugin.<br>

>   This property can be used for debugging license normalizer bundle content and isn't recommend for general work.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `th2.licence.license-normalizer-bundle-path` - provides a path to a file with license normalizer bundle for the `com.github.jk1.dependency-license-report` plugin.<br>
  _*NOTE: This property should only be used for debugging content of the license normalizer bundle.*_<br>
```

>   `base` plugin downloads the file from `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/th2-net/.github/main/license-compliance/gradle-license-report/license-normalizer-bundle.json` and use it by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, the `base` plugin downloads the file from <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/th2-net/.github/main/license-compliance/gradle-license-report/license-normalizer-bundle.json> URL and stores it in the project's build directory.
```
